Thank you for summary, i'm analizing the options. These is what i understand from reading your summary + docs, you could correct if i say something wrong

- Gogle CLoud (Firestore)
	A NoSQL data bases that don't charge you unless you able the paid option, otherwise everytime is free until 90 days. That's right? once you able this option firebase charge you for the read, delete an update, and not by the database itself. Although there's a daily free cuota of 50k documentas to read, those prices are very cheap, for example, for 100k documents read, the cost it's $0.031, assuming for a small ecommerces read 100k it's not quite often this price is so good. This is an excellent option to start, specially for the 90 free trial.
- Azure
	Azure free tier seems pretty good, however i'm not quite sure how to exceeds the free's limits, if you exceed the amount all the service will pause, which may difficult the buy functionallity, and totally blocks the api for the users, so i want to avoid this scenario. They include 32 gb database storage, which is humongous and considering the things stored in the database will be the users and a few administrator's products this room will never be filled. The option that i'm not wuite sure what do means is *100,000 vCore seconds of compute* how much is that computation? i affraid to i coudln't measure it and accidently get all the database paused. So this is a considerable point.
- Amazon (DynamoDB and RDS)
	Amazon seems to be the best option, because they offer so much thing for free, considering i want to minimize costs, this seesm to be the best option. Some considerations about amazon is that they offer another service, http server, proxies, buckets, etc. some of those functionalities may be useful. To use whatever of this functionalities you need an amazon account, to create an amazon account they always will ask you for a credit card, in spite of not using any pay service, as i do not have any credit card this will be a not quite nice task. However still seems to be the best option, and DynamoDB resembles to Firestore's trick which charge you for read, delete and updates with a daily cuota, this trick is specially useful for a small eccommerce, because as never write and delete too much files, and hardly read more than 50000 files, it's technically always free
- Oracle (always free plan) 
	the always free plan of Oracle is even better that amazon, is like gogle cloud but with steroids, the always free plan we will minimize the cost so much, posible the best option
- Supabase 
	supabase offer a lot of fancy functionalities in addition to the file storage, is a good option but i do prefer to do most of that functionalities by my hand, also the limited space is something i do not like, with this option i would find myself migrating or paying 20 bucks per month
- THe last ones
	Atlas is the same space that supabase do offer but without the file storage and all the functionalities. Heroku didn't have a free tier, so there's no posibility to test, as i don't want to take risk this is not an option too. IBM cloudnet offer a little more space, but is just the same space that firestore, gogle cloud, but Firestore offer more features


The best option for now seems to be Oracle, "always free plan", secondly Amazon and in third position google, all the other i will discard them.  For object cloud storage i no need much space, so an always free plan, or a small price for small size may be convenient. For the last you mention an option i have never consider, **self-hosting**, i don't even sure where to host the web yet so it's important to consider this. I have think in cloudflare as registrar, and also as a http proxy, because is one of the best nad also it's free. But i'm thinks in this plan i lack of hosting, unless the restrigar come with hosting, please clarify me this point, i want to know if a registrar provides a place where to host my website, and additionally i want to know if self hosting is compatible with this registars

Tell me what you think. 